>> Brian Holt: Now, we wanna go make
search use this as well, right?
So go back to search.jsx,
and we have this input here.
And first thing I'm gonna do is I'm
just gonna pull this input out,
and go back to header.
So if utilSpace does wanna use the input
then it's gonna look like the one that we
had there.
>> Brian Holt: So
it's gonna be a bit of a problem for
us because,
>> Brian Holt: HandleSearchTerm
doesn't happen in header.
In fact, header has no concept of
what handling of search term is.
It doesn't keep track of it and
that's not important in header, right?
>> Brian Holt: So we need,
>> Brian Holt: Let's go ahead and
just pull that out and say,
Header right, import Header up here.
Import Header from ./Header.
And the first thing I wanna say is
showSearchTerm or showSearch, right?
But the problem is the input that modifies
this search term right here
lives in Header now, right?
So we kinda have this problem because it's
not like Header can reach up to the parent
and modify its state.
We talked about that right only
a component can modify its own state.
This is kind of a problem, right?
Because we have this
encapsulation of state and
encapsulation is a good thing, right?
Knowing where state gets modified
is a big part of debugging.
But sometimes other things need
to modify each other, right?
Well, there's kind of this
escape hatch that you
have this handleSearchTermChange, right?
This already exists.
Why can't we just pass
that down to the child?
So we can just say handleSearchTermChange
= this.handleSearchTermChange.
>> Brian Holt: So now we're passing
this function down into the child, and
now the child has a function called
this.props.handleSearchTermChange that it
can call with whatever is happening,
right?
>> Brian Holt: The other thing that
it's gonna need as well because
it needs to display the search terms it's
gonna also have to have searchTerm =
this.state.searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: So
can I make this multiple lines?
Because it's getting hard to read.
>> Brian Holt: Nope,
won't let me, thanks prettier.
>> Brian Holt: Right, so we're gonna be
passing these things down into header so
then headers gonna know
what to do with these.
>> Brian Holt: So,
come back down to header.
And now we have a couple more props coming
in which are gonna be all maybe types.
So handleSearchTermChange?
Is going to be a capital F Function.
The reason it's not lower case f function
is because that's a key word, right?
So they use capital F to get around that.
And then searchTerm?
Is going to be a string.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna come down
here to the default props and
handle SearchTermChange is just
gonna be by default a noop
function
>> Brian Holt: And
search term, if nothing is provided,
is going to be an empty string.
These are actually not
really super important,
because we're not going to be
careful to not read from these.
But this is just further guarding
yourself against runtime errors.
>> Brian Holt: It's also
required by the linters, so
that's we're placating the linting gods.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now this input
onChange={this.props.handleSearchTermChan-
ge}.
And values is not going to be this.state,
it's going to be this.props.searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: I think those are right,
let's just run our yarn flow make
sure that's correct, no it's not.
Right, the reason why it's
not this anymore right?
Because header is a functional component
it's not this.props, it's just props.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
now all of the linting gods are happy.
>> Brian Holt: And so
now if we go back to here, and
go back just a hard refresh to make sure.
If I type black in here it's
still doing our searching, right?
So this is the way that you have child and
parent components interact with each
other is you pass functions up and
down, well just down really, right?
So the child has to let the parent
know hey, parent, I had an event.
This happened but the cool thing
is if you go up to here to search,
search is still in charge
of it's own destiny, right?
There's nothing from stopping me
from saying like, you know what?
I'm not gonna handle that event, right?
So the parent is still responsible for
modifying it's own state.
It's just the child is reaching up and
saying this happened.
Now it's your problem right?
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 2: Can you click on the Header?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, sure, I'll push
a branch right here momentarily as well.
>> Brian Holt: It's worth
talking about this as well,
this if statement right here.
This is kind of the way
that you do conditionals.
Conditionally showing and hiding things.
You just create a variable,
in this case I called it utilSpace, right?
If I'm gonna show search then put this
input there, if not show the back button.
You can get clever with turn areas, I do
not like getting clever with turn areas.
So that's why I do not do it, right?
I could do something
like props.showSearch,
and then, if than then h1 showSearch,
else h2 don't show search, right?
>> Brian Holt: This would work as well,
right?
Some people like it,
it's just I don't like it at all.
>> Brian Holt: There's an upcoming
JavaScript
>> Brian Holt: Feature
called do expressions,
which we're not gonna go over since it's
like stage one or something like that.
But this would solve a lot
of this stuff as well.
Basically, the idea is you could say
inside of here, do, something like that.
And then you can actually
write a block of code in here.
And you can do the conditionals
in line that way.
Again, I think it will
look something like this,
if (props.showSearch),
>> Brian Holt: Then
h1 here,
>> Brian Holt: Else,
>> Brian Holt: H2 show this, right?
This is what it would look
like with the do expression.
It looks weird right, but
anyway, that's the way it works.
>> Brian Holt: You can ask
yourself if you like that better.
I'm not sure I do.
I like this as well because it's
explicit at the top you can say,
I have this utilSpace.
And when I'm reading this down here
it's like okay, either this or
this is gonna show up down there.
So up to you.